# Wolters_Assignment

I have used Maven,TestNG,Java and Page Object Design pattern to design the frame work Advantage of Page Object design Pattern- Suppose we have 100 test cases and there is change in xpath then these all test cases are impacted so instead of this we use page object design pattern. In this we use Pagefactory class for intialise the element. prerequisite-Eclipse,Java,Set dependancy in POM.XML file, TestNG should be installed. Project Structure In Utilty package of src/main/java I have created 1) BrowserManager class- Using this class we can execute our test in Chrome,Edge and firefox browser 2) ConfigProperties- Using this class we can read the data from properties file. 3)ExtentReportManager- Using this I have configure and set up the extent report. extent report is stored in the reports folder and file name is index.html. By the Help of ITestListener i am able to generate Pass and Failed report. 4) Screenshot- Using this class I have captured the screenshots of failed and passed tes cases. Passed test cases screenshots are stored in screenshots/Sucess folder and Failed testcases screenshots are stored in screenshots/Failures folder. But you need to refresh the project after execution. 5) In src/test/java- test_suite package I have write the actual test cases. 6) In the config I have store the wolters.properties file, in this file i have store the URL, attribute requred for extent report and Test Data. 7) POM.xml- Set the reuired dependancies 8) testng.xml- this is the actual file we execute. Using this we select the browser and the test.
